Changelog - 7 April (#5666)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/blog/posthog-changelog.md

> Some new features you read about below may still be in beta, behind a feature flag, or only available to paying users. Want to see which betas are currently available? [Check the roadmap](/roadmap)!

## April 7, 2023

> There was no Changelog update last week because the team was away at our annual company offsite. We'll have some info on what we got up to on [the blog](/blog) soon!

### Dashboard template library
![posthog dashboard templates](../images/blog/array/template-library.png)

> We've not only created a wealth of new dashboard templates to help you get started, we've also created [a public library](/templates) to help you navigate and understand them. You can now effortlessly [build an AARRR dashboard in PostHog](/templates/aarrr-dashboard), as well as use dashboard templates for other typical use-cases. There are now more than 10 templates to choose from!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've not only created a wealth of new dashboard templates to help you get started, but [a public library](/templates) to help you navigate and understand them. You can now effortlessly build [an AARRR dashboard](/templates/aarrr-dashboard), a Google Analytics-like [landing page report](/templates/landing-dashboard), or a centralized location for your [user research](/templates/research-dashboard) as well as other typical use-cases. There are now more than 10 templates to choose from!
```
